CHIT MARKETPLACE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Last updated: February 4, 2025
These CHIT Marketplace Terms and Conditions (“CHIT Marketplace Terms”) are an
agreement between you (“you”) and AZ Cash Solutions, LLC, an Arizona limited liability
company (“AZ Cash Solutions,” “we,” or “us”) that governs the terms and conditions of your
access and use of the CHIT Marketplace as described in Section 1 of these CHIT Marketplace
Terms. By becoming a member of the AZ Cash Solutions club, being accepted as a CHIT
Marketplace Vendor (as defined in Section 1), or becoming a CHIT Marketplace User (as defined
below), and accessing the CHIT Marketplace, you are agreeing to enter into these CHIT
Marketplace Terms and be legally bound by its terms and conditions. If you do not agreement
with any of the terms and conditions in these CHIT Marketplace Terms, don’t access or use the
CHIT Marketplace. All capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed
thereto in your AZ Cash Solutions Membership Agreement.
CHIT Marketplace
AZ Cash Solutions provides you with a closed, private digital commodity transfer system –
managed solely by AZ Cash Solutions – which employs technology to facilitate the buying,
selling and transferring of cryptographically stored digital assets (each a “CHIT” and
collectively “CHITS”) each of which is fixed in value at a 1:1 ratio to the U.S. Dollar (the
“CHIT Marketplace”). Each CHIT is uniquely identifiable ensuring that it can be tracked and
verified through the CHIT Marketplace from initial purchase through the sale of the CHIT. The
CHIT Marketplace enables you, other members of the AZ Cash Solutions club that have been
granted access to the CHIT Marketplace by AZ Cash Solutions in its sole discretion (collectively,
“AZ Cash Solutions Members,” and each, an “AZ Cash Solutions Members,”), and a curated
list of vendors selected and granted access to the CHIT Marketplace by AZ Cash Solutions in its
sole discretion who provide products, services, or benefits to, or are otherwise necessary for the
operation of (collectively, “CHIT Marketplace Vendors,” and each, a “CHIT Marketplace
Vendor”) a business involved in the Arizona licensed cannabis industry with respect to planting,
cultivating, harvesting, manufacturing, distributing, and sale of cannabis (“MRBs”), with the
ability to (i) purchase and list CHITS for sale U.S. Dollars to other AZ Cash Solutions Members
or CHIT Marketplace Vendors through the CHIT Marketplace; and (ii) hold CHITS for use
through the CHIT Marketplace in a self-contained, encrypted, digital storage vault connected to
such users designated hardware. In addition, the CHIT Marketplace allows you to transfer
CHITS to other AZ Cash Solutions Members or CHIT Marketplace Vendors. Access to the CHIT
Marketplace will be restricted and only available while you are located within the State of
Arizona. You acknowledge and authorize that information concerning the location of the
computer that will be used to assess your location while accessing and/or logged into the CHIT
Marketplace. You expressly agree that you authorize us to collect and use your location as a part
of the eligibility for use of and access to the CHIT Marketplace. You may designate up to five (5)
users to have access to the CHIT Marketplace (each, a “CHIT Marketplace User”), and each
151458006.1
AZ Cash Solutions Member and each CHIT Marketplace User must pass our BSA/anti-money
laundering (“AML”)/OFAC Compliance Program (our “BSA/AML Program”) and agree to
these CHIT Marketplace Terms, prior to AZ Cash Solutions granting access to the CHIT
Marketplace. You and each CHIT Marketplace User may also need to agree to standard third
party end user licenses agreements (EULAs), terms and conditions, and privacy policies of third
party software and/or software service providers.
Each CHIT Marketplace User represents and affirms that he or she is at least 18 years old, has
the legal capity to enter into these CHIT Marketplace Terms, and agrees to be legally bound by
the terms and conditions of these CHIT Marketplace Terms in their entirety.
You agree and understand that by logging into your account or authenticating to our application
programming interface (“API”) with your API key (“API Authenticating” or “API
Authentication”) following any change to this CHIT Marketplace Terms, your login or API
Authentication, as applicable, shall constitute your agreement to the amended CHIT Marketplace
Terms by and between you and AZ Cash Solutions, and you agree to be legally bound by its
terms and conditions as amended. Among other things, this means that, if you log into your
account or API Authenticate following an amendment to these CHIT Marketplace Terms,
transactions that you or others have already undertaken, and fees, could be affected by the
amended terms and conditions of these CHIT Marketplace Terms. You should, therefore, read
these CHIT Marketplace Terms from time to time. You agree and understand that we have the
right to require your affirmative assent and continuing acceptance of these CHIT Marketplace
Terms, from time to time, as a condition of you accessing or using the CHIT Marketplace,
logging into your account, or API Authenticating, as applicable. If you do not agree to be bound
by these CHIT Marketplace Terms, you should not access or use the CHIT Marketplace, login to
your account, or API Authenticate. Should you disagree to these CHIT Marketplace Terms
(including any changes or amendments), please close your account in accordance with the
Account Closure by You section.
Following acceptance and upon confirmation that you have been established as an AZ Cash
Solutions Member or CHIT Marketplace Vendor with access to the CHIT Marketplace, AZ Cash
Solutions will assign and provide you with an AZ Cash Solutions Marketplace Account (your
“AZ Cash Solutions Marketplace Account”) that will be associated with a unique
identification number (an “ONLI ID” and/or your “ONLI ID”).
In order to facilitate the buying and selling of CHITS within the CHIT Marketplace, AZ Cash
Solutions has established a master depository bank account (the “AZ Cash Solutions Master
Account”). The AZ Cash Solutions Master Account will be maintained by AZ Cash Solutions,
but will only be used as a means for holding the funds reflected in your Virtual Funds Accounts
(as defined below).
As part of the AZ Cash Solutions Marketplace Account, AZ Cash Solutions will create the
following virtual accounts on your behalf:
151458006.1
1. A virtual funding incoming account (the “Virtual Funds Incoming Account”); and
2. A virtual funding outgoing account (the “Virtual Funds Outgoing Account” and
collectively referred to with the Virtual Funds Incoming Account, the “Virtual Funds
Accounts”).
The Virtual Funds Incoming Account can only be used for the purchase of CHITS from another
AZ Cash Solutions Member or CHIT Marketplace Vendor. You can transfer funds into your
Virtual Funds Incoming Account by either (i) sending an incoming wire from your pre-approved
external U.S. bank account; or (ii) requesting a cash pick-up from your place of business (see
below for more information on the cash pick-up process). Incoming funds will be deposited in
the AZ Cash Solutions Master Account and reflected in the AZ Cash Solutions Member’s Virtual
Funds Incoming Account. Once incoming funds are reflected in the AZ Cash Solutions
Member’s Virtual Funds Incoming Account, they will be used to purchase CHITS in the full
amount of the amount reflected in the AZ Cash Solutions Member’s Virtual Funds Incoming
Account.
The Virtual Funds Outgoing Account will be used to receive the proceeds from the sale of
CHITS to another AZ Cash Solutions Member or CHIT Marketplace Vendor. In addition, the
Virtual Funds Outgoing Account will also serve as the source of available funds when you direct
the CHIT Marketplace to send an outgoing wire out of the AZ Cash Solutions Master Account to
your pre-approved external U.S. bank account.
You acknowledge and agree that you must use an Arizona-based bank account for all money sent
or received as an AZ Cash Solutions Member and in conjunction with the CHIT Marketplace.
In addition to your Virtual Funds Accounts, your AZ Cash Solutions Marketplace Account will
include the creation of a “Vault” by AZ Cash Solutions which is a self-contained digital storage
in which your CHITS will be stored (your “Vault”). Your Vault is linked to your ONLI ID and
uses cryptographic encryption to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of the stored CHITS.
Your Vault will be maintained and can only be accessed by your local device that accesses the
CHIT Marketplace.
The transaction history and the purchase, sale and transfer of CHITS among AZ Cash Solutions
Members within the CHIT Marketplace will be maintained on an immutable ledger that will be
used to verify and record transactions and ownership of CHITS in the Vault of each AZ Cash
Solutions Member and CHIT Marketplace Vendor (the “Oracle”).
1. Purchase, Sale and Transfer of CHITS
Purchase of CHITS.
151458006.1
You may PURCHASE CHITS USING U.S. DOLLARS AT A U.S. $1:1 PER CHIT. CHITS
must be purchased with funds in your Virtual Funds Incoming Account.
There are two sources of CHITS available to you for purchase: (i) CHITS listed for sale by other
AZ Cash Solutions Members (other than King Family) or CHIT Marketplace Vendors (a
“Marketplace Purchase Order”); and (ii) CHITS from King Family Ventures AZ, LLC, an
Arizona limited liability company (“King Family”). King Family is itself an AZ Cash Solutions
Member and serves as a CHIT treasury for the purpose of ensuring that CHITS are available for
purchase by all AZ Cash Solutions Members when a Marketplace Purchase Order is not able to
be fulfilled from an AZ Cash Solutions Members (other than King Family) or CHIT Marketplace
Vendors (the “AZ Cash Treasury”).
Funding your Virtual Funds Incoming Account begins by submitting a CHITS purchase order
through the CHIT Marketplace (“Purchase Order”). Your Virtual Funds Incoming Account may
be funded by either an incoming wire from your pre-approved external U.S. bank account or
requesting a cash pick-up from your place of business as discussed below. The Purchase Order
will list the amount of CHITS you intend to purchase, any fees charged by the CHIT
Marketplace in connection with the Purchase Order, and the amount of funds needed in your
Virtual Funds Incoming Account to fulfill the Purchase Order. You will be required to confirm
the details of the Purchase Order before it can be fulfilled, and provide, in AZ Cash Solution’s
sole discretion, sufficient evidence to verify your source of funds for such Purchase Order.
Once the Purchase Order is confirmed by you and the source of funds is verified to the
satisfaction of AZ Cash Solutions, in its sole discretion, you will be required to fund your Virtual
Funds Incoming Account by either an incoming wire from your pre-approved external U.S. bank
account or requesting a cash pick-up from your place of business as discussed below. If you have
funds in your Virtual Funds Outgoing Account, those funds may be transferred to your Virtual
Funds Incoming Account to fulfill a confirmed Purchase Order.
After successfully funding your Virtual Funds Incoming Account with the amount exactly equal
to the amount required in the Purchase Order, the CHIT Marketplace will generally automatically
fulfill your Purchase Order with Marketplace Purchase Orders first (in order of oldest to newest
Marketplace Purchase Order), and any remaining unfilled portion of your Purchase Order will be
fulfilled from the AZ Cash Treasury. If the amount of money you wire to the CHIT Marketplace
or amount of cash collected by the Cash Pickup Provider (as defined below) does not exactly
equal the amount required in the Purchase Order, the discrepancy will be handled in accordance
with the Funding Discrepancy Policy discussed below.
Upon completion and fulfillment of your Purchase Order, the CHIT Marketplace will (i) credit
your Vault by the amount of purchased CHITS and reduce your Virtual Funds Incoming Account
by the amount required to fund your Purchase Order; and (ii) reduce the amount of CHITS in the
Vault of the selling AZ Cash Solutions Member or CHIT Marketplace Vendor (as applicable) and
credit such AZ Cash Solutions Member’s or CHIT Marketplace Vendor’s Virtual Funds Outgoing
151458006.1
Account by the amount CHITS sold (less any applicable fees). The transaction is automatically
recorded on the Oracle.
Prior to the final fulfillment of any Purchase Order, AZ Cash Solutions reserves the right to
suspend any Purchase Order, cancel any Purchase Order and refuse to fulfill any Purchase Order,
at any time and for any reason in its sole and absolute discretion.
Purchase of CHITS with cash: Cash purchases of CHITS are subject to the following processes:
• Armored Car Pick-Up. You must confirm your Purchase Order and satisfy our source of
funds verification procedures prior to AZ Cash Solutions scheduling an armored car pick
up to pick up cash at your place of business (the “Cash Pickup Provider”). If AZ Cash
Solutions approves the purchase, AZ Cash Solutions will instruct the Cash Pickup
Provider to dispatch an armored car to pick up the cash you identified in the Purchase
Order at your place of business.
The Cash Pickup Provider will inspect the cash to be picked up and note any
discrepancies between the cash picked up and the Purchase Order. If there are any
discrepancies between the amount of cash required to fund the Purchase Order, the
discrepancy will be handled in accordance with the Funding Discrepancy Policy
discussed below.
If the actual amount of cash collected is equal to the amount required to fund the
confirmed Purchase Order, the cash will then be delivered to the AZ Cash Solutions
Master Account, credited to your Virtual Funds Incoming Account, and used to purchase
the CHITS specified in the Purchase Order
You understand that AZ Cash Solutions does not own, control or manage the Cash Pickup
Provider. Accordingly, you acknowledge and agree that AZ Cash Solutions will not be
responsible or liable for any direct or indirect loss, issue or hardship you may experience
in connection with your experience with the Cash Pickup Provider or the services you
receive from the Cash Pickup Provider including, but not limited to, (i) any loss of cash
you may experience from the time you deliver your cash to the Cash Pickup Provider to
the time Cash Pickup Provider deposits your cash in the AZ Cash Solutions Master
Account, (ii) any loss of cash you may experience as a result of AZ Cash Solutions
returning cash to you via Cash Pickup Provider, (iii) any direct or indirect loss or issue
that may arise in connection with the availability, reliability or accuracy of Cash Pickup
Provider’s services, (iv) any loss or issue arising from Cash Pickup Provider
discontinuing its operations or becoming insolvent, and (v) any loss or issue you may
experience in connection with the seizure of your cash by Federal or state authorities
while in the possession of Cash Pickup Provider. In the event you experience any direct
or indirect loss, issue or hardship in connection with your experience with Cash Pickup
Provider or the services you receive from Cash Pickup Provider, your only recourse is
against Cash Pickup Provider, and not AZ Cash Solutions. If you are not satisfied with
151458006.1
the services you receive from Cash Pickup Provider, you must handle those issues
directly with Cash Pickup Provider.
The final number of CHITS that will be issued and placed into your Vault will be
determined solely by the amount of cash and CHITS identified in the Purchase
Order. It is solely your responsibility to ensure that the amount of cash to be
delivered to the Cash Pickup Provider equals the amount of cash identified in the
Purchase Order.
• Fund Verification Process. In order to verify funds used for a Purchase Order, and prior to
you delivering funds via wire from your pre-approved external U.S. bank account or
Cash Pickup Provider, AZ Cash Solutions will verify your source of funds. Information
requested to verify your source of funds includes, but is not limited to, reports derived
from “seed-to-sale” software, financial reports, bank records, average sales and expense
volumes (daily, monthly, annually), percentage of transactions conducted in cash, tax
returns, cash register reports, and any other documents or information we deem necessary
and sufficient to verify your source of funds. If the reported net revenue does not support
your CHIT purchase, we will reject your Purchase Order and may escalate your AZ Cash
Solutions Marketplace Account for further review. We may contact you for additional
information if we need to do so. In providing us with this or any other information that
we may request from you, you confirm that the information you provide to us is accurate
and authentic. You agree to keep us updated if any of the information you provide
changes. You agree to comply with any information request we send to you. If you
decline to provide the requested information, or otherwise do not comply in a timely
manner, we reserve the right, immediately upon notice to you, to suspend or terminate
your AZ Cash Solutions Membership and/or your access to some or all of the AZ Cash
Solutions Benefits, including without limitation access by any of your CHIT Marketplace
Users to the CHIT Marketplace.
• Funding Discrepancy Policy. In order for a Purchase Order to be processed by the CHIT
Marketplace and for you to receive the CHITS specified in the Purchase Order in your
Vault, the amount of funds required the fulfill the Purchase Order must exactly equal the
money received by the CHIT Marketplace via wire transfer from your pre-approved
external U.S. bank account or cash delivered by the Cash Pickup Provider. If the amount
of funds received by the CHIT Marketplace is more than the amount required to fulfill the
Purchase Order, only the exact amount required to fund the Purchase Order will be
accepted, and any excess amount will be returned to you by the same method you sent
such funds, less any fees or other costs to return the excess amount to you. If the amount
of funds received by the CHIT Marketplace is less than the amount required to fulfill the
Purchase Order, the Purchase Order will be flagged by the CHIT Marketplace as having a
discrepancy, a revised Purchase Order will be issued by the CHIT Marketplace reflecting
the amount of funds received by the CHIT Marketplace, the revised amount of CHITS
151458006.1
that can be purchased with the amount of funds received, and any fees charged by the
CHIT Marketplace in connection with the revised Purchase Order (each, a “Revised
Purchase Order”). Each Revised Purchase Order must be accepted by you and by each
seller of CHITS scheduled to fulfill the original Purchase Order before the transactions
reflected in the Revised Purchase Order will be processed. If you do not confirm the
Revised Purchase Order, the funds received by the CHIT Marketplace will be returned to
you by the same method you sent such funds, less any fees or other costs to return the
funds to you. If any seller of CHITS scheduled to fulfill the original Purchase Order do
not accept the Revised Purchase Order, the CHIT Marketplace will attempt to facilitate
another seller of CHITS to fulfill the Revised Purchase Order. If the CHIT Marketplace is
unable to find another seller of CHITS to fulfill the Revised Purchase Order, the funds
received by the CHIT Marketplace will be returned to you by the same method you sent
such funds, less any fees or other costs to return the funds to you.
Sale of CHITS.
You may LIST CHITS FOR SALE FOR U.S. DOLLARS AT A PRICE OF U.S. $1:1 PER
CHIT, minus applicable fees as described in these CHIT Marketplace Terms. There are two
ways in which you can sell CHITS: (i) you can sell your CHITS to other AZ Cash Solutions
Members or CHIT Marketplace Vendors (other than to King Family) by making a sale listing on
the CHIT Marketplace (a “Marketplace Sale Order”), or (ii) you can sell your CHITS directly
to the market maker (the “Market Maker”), which is currently King Family (a “Market Maker
Sale Order”). The Market Maker has contractual commitments and obligations in place with AZ
Cash Solutions requiring it to purchase any CHITS from AZ Cash Solutions Members or CHIT
Marketplace Vendors that have placed a Market Maker Sale Order.
When you submit a Marketplace Sale Order, the CHIT Marketplace will automatically fulfill
your request from any outstanding Marketplace Purchase Orders. In the event a Marketplace
Purchase Order is not otherwise readily available, the CHIT Marketplace will provide you with
notification. Thereafter, you can elect to either maintain your Marketplace Sale Order, which will
be fulfilled by the CHIT Marketplace automatically once a Marketplace Purchase Order becomes
available, or you can direct the CHIT Marketplace to change your Marketplace Sale Order to a
Market Maker Sale Order. When you submit a Market Maker Sale Order, the CHIT Marketplace
will fulfill your request from the Market Maker. You agree to pay all fees associated with a
Marketplace Sale Order and/or a Market Maker Sale Order, which my vary depending on the
type of order placed, as described in these CHIT Marketplace Terms and set forth below.
Once a Marketplace Sale Order or Market Maker Sale Order is fulfilled, the CHIT Marketplace
will (i) credit your Virtual Funds Outgoing Account by the corresponding U.S. Dollar amount of
the sold CHITS, minus applicable fees as described in these CHIT Marketplace Terms, (ii)
reduce the CHITS in your Vault by the amount of sold CHITS; (iii) credit the CHITS in the
purchasing AZ Cash Solutions Member’s or CHIT Marketplace Vendor’s Vault by the amount of
purchased CHITS; and (iv) reduce the purchasing AZ Cash Solutions Member or CHIT
151458006.1
Marketplace Vendor’s Virtual Funds Incoming Account by the amount required to fund its
Purchase Order. The transaction is automatically recorded on the Oracle.
Once the proceeds from the sale are deposited into your Virtual Funds Outgoing Account, you
may either request a wire to be sent to a pre-approved U.S. bank external account or, in
connection with a Purchase Order, request the CHIT Marketplace to transfer the funds to your
Virtual Funds Incoming Account (with a corresponding debit from your Virtual Funds Outgoing
Account) to facilitate the purchase of CHITS specified in the Purchase Order.
Transfer of CHITS Among AZ Cash Solutions Members or CHIT Marketplace Vendors.
You may transfer your CHITS to another AZ Cash Solutions Member or CHIT Marketplace
Vendor (a “CHIT Transfer Order”).
To facilitate a CHIT Transfer Order, you must specify the AZ Cash Solutions Member or CHIT
Marketplace Vendor who is to receive the CHITS (the “Transfer Recipient”), and the amount of
CHITS to be transferred. The Transfer Recipient must acknowledge and accept the CHIT
Transfer Order. Upon confirmation by the Transfer Recipient, the CHIT Marketplace will process
the CHIT Transfer Order and the CHITS in your Vault will be reduced and credited to the Vault
of the Transfer Recipient. The transaction is automatically recorded on the Oracle. The CHIT
Marketplace will provide you and the Transfer Recipient notification confirming that the CHIT
Transfer Order has been completed.
THERE ARE NO FEES CHARGED FOR A CHIT TRANSFER ORDER.
In the event a CHIT Transfer Order is processed in error, then you and the Transfer Recipient
agree to resolve the dispute amicably. If you believe that you implemented a CHIT Transfer
Order to a Transfer Recipient in error, then you shall notify AZ Cash Solutions as soon as
possible, but in any event no more than 30 days of the transaction, either by email at
contact@justazc.com or by phone at 602-900-9292 AZ Cash Solutions will then notify the
Transfer Recipient and, if the Transfer Recipient agrees that its receipt of CHITS pursuant to the
CHIT Transfer Order was in error, it shall notify AZ Cash Solutions of the occurrence of the
error and the amount of CHITS transferred in error. Solely in the event AZ Cash Solutions has
received notification and confirmation from you and the Transfer Recipient that the CHIT
Transfer Order was in error, the CHIT Marketplace will issue a new CHIT Transfer Order, which
must be acknowledged and approved by the original Transfer Recipient and you to facilitate a
reversal of the CHIT Transfer Order by reducing the CHITS in the Vault of original Transfer
Recipient and crediting them to your Vault which had transferred the CHITS in error. The
transaction is automatically recorded on the Oracle.
2. Ownership and Control of CHITS
When you purchase a CHIT, that CHIT will be digitally delivered to and stored in your Vault.
Accordingly, you will physically possess that CHIT in your Vault and you will have full
ownership and control of your CHITS (i.e. possession of the CHIT in your Vault is proof of
151458006.1
ownership). At any time, subject to outages, downtime, and other applicable policies, you may
sell or transfer your CHITS through the CHIT Marketplace as provided in these CHIT
Marketplace Terms.
Once a transfer of a CHIT is completed, it cannot be reversed and it is final and irrevocable. The
CHIT Marketplace operates without a central ledger and all transactions are recorded within each
AZ Cash Solutions Member’s or CHIT Marketplace Vendor’s Vault and verified by the Oracle.
AZ Cash Solutions does not represent or treat any CHITS in your Vault as property belonging to
AZ Cash Solutions. Furthermore, AZ Cash Solutions does not hold your CHITS as custodian and
it has no ability to access the CHITS stored in your Vault. All of the CHITS that you purchase
will remain with you and, as owner of your CHITS, you will bear all risk of loss of the CHITS
held in your Vault. You acknowledge and agree that you may not loan or hypothecate the CHITS
you maintain in your Vault. Your CHITS may only be used on the CHIT Marketplace, and cannot
be used with any other product.
Replacement CHITS
In the event you lose or unable to access your Vault, the potential replacement of the CHITS
located in your Vault will only be possible in the event such CHITS were registered in the Oracle
as being in your Vault at the time the CHITS are lost.
Under such circumstances, you can notify the CHIT Marketplace that you have lost access to
your Vault. Thereafter, the CHIT Marketplace will verify and ascertain whether the CHITS in
your Vault were registered and verifiable in the Oracle (in such an event “Verified Lost
CHITS”). The CHIT Marketplace will then notify you of the amount of Verified Lost CHITS
that are available for replacement. If verified, you can then request the CHIT Marketplace to
issue replacement CHITS up to the amount of the Verified Lost CHITS (“Replacement
CHITS”). The CHIT Marketplace will then request the AZ Cash Solutions Treasury to issue
Replacement CHITS to you; provided, however, you will be subject to applicable fees for the
issuance of Replacement CHITS as set forth in these CHIT Marketplace Terms. Upon the
issuance of Replacement CHITS, the Verified Lost CHITS will be blacklisted and no longer
available for use within the CHIT Marketplace.
3. Schedule of Fees
By using the CHIT Marketplace you agree to pay the following fees, which will apply based on
your use of the CHIT Marketplace and must be paid in cash, whether delivered via wire from
your pre-approved external U.S. bank account or Cash Pickup Provider:
FEE CHART

151458006.1

Tier 1: Government or
Utility User Tier 2: General User
Definition
Tier 1 Users: AZ Cash
Solutions Members or CHIT
Marketplace Vendors that
only sell and transfer CHITS
(i.e., any entity that receives
payments from Tier 1
Users), but does not need to
purchase CHITS.

Tier 2 Users: AZ Cash
Solutions Members orCHIT Marketplace
Vendors that purchase, transfer and sell CHITS (i.e., all parties directly involved in the vertical supply chain of cannabis).
1. Utility companies
2. Tax Authorities
Example Users
1. Licensed Cultivators
2. Licensed Testing Labs
3. Licensed
Manufacturers
4. Licensed Retail
Dispensaries
5. Landlords

Fees Charged by User Type: Tier 1 User Tier 2 User
Account Set-up Fee $0 $0
Cancellation Fee $0 $0
CHIT Purchase Order Fee $0 $0
Marketplace Sale Order Listing
Fee 2.50% 2.50%
Market Maker Sale Order Fee 0.00% 5.00%
Cash On-Boarding Fee 0.00% 1.00%
Replacement Chit Fee 10.00% 10.00%

We reserve the right to adjust our fees and pricing at any time. We will inform you of changes in
our fees and pricing by posting these on the CHIT Marketplace and emailing you at least 15
calendar days prior to any changes taking effect. If you do not agree with our changes in fees, or
pricing, you must notify us immediately and you must stop accessing the CHIT Marketplace. If
you continue using the CHIT Marketplace following our notice of the changes in our fees or
pricing, we will deem your continued use as your consent to our revised fees and pricing and the
revised fees and pricing shall be effective at such time.
4. Account Information and Transaction History
151458006.1
You will be able to view the amount of funds credited to your Virtual Funds Accounts on the
CHIT Marketplace through the CHIT Marketplace. The transaction history of the CHIT
Marketplace will be maintained on the Oracle which will contain all of your AZ Cash Solutions
account activity, including balances in your Virtual Funds Accounts, CHIT purchases, sales and
transfers and pending transactions. Through the CHIT Marketplace, you can also view any fees
charged by AZ Cash Solutions. It is important that you note that nothing in your transaction
history should be treated as a valuation of the U.S. Dollar equivalent amount maintained in your
Virtual Funds Accounts.
Unauthorized and Incorrect Transactions. When an order to purchase, sell or transfer CHITS is
placed using your AZ Cash Solutions Marketplace Account, we will assume that you authorized
such transaction, unless you notify us otherwise. If you believe you did not authorize a particular
transaction or that a transaction was incorrectly carried out, you must contact AZ Cash Solutions
as soon as possible, but in any event no more than 30 days of the transaction, either by email at
contact@justazc.com or by phone at 602-900-9292. ‑ It is important that you check the balances 1
in your Virtual Funds Accounts and your transaction history regularly to ensure you notify us as
soon as possible of any transaction that you believe was unauthorized or incorrect. AZ Cash
Solutions and the CHIT Marketplace have no ability to revoke, modify, reverse, or otherwise
change a transaction that has already been processed by the CHIT Marketplace. We are not
responsible for any claim for unauthorized or incorrect transactions unless you have notified us
in accordance with this section.
5. AZ Cash Solutions Membership Account
You agree that you will not allow any persons who have not satisfied our BSA/AML Program to
access the CHIT Marketplace. AZ Cash Solutions Membership and any accounts opened in
connection with the CHIT Marketplace (each, an “AZ Cash Solutions Account”) must be
opened and established on behalf of a legal entity by a beneficial owner and/or designated
representative of that legal entity with legal authority to bind such entity. You hereby represent,
warrant and agree that you are a beneficial owner and/or designated representative of that legal
entity. You hereby authorize us to take any measures that we consider necessary and appropriate
to verify and authenticate your identity, confirm the information you submit to us, and to take
any action we deem necessary based on the results. Furthermore, you represent and warrant to us
that you will use the CHIT Marketplace only for yourself, and not on behalf of any third party.
You are responsible for restricting access to your AZ Cash Solutions Account, and you agree to
accept responsibility for all activities that occur by any user that you provide access to your AZ
Cash Solutions Account.
Unavailability and Operational Challenges.
Access to the CHIT Marketplace may become unavailable or may be interrupted, especially
during times of significant transaction volume or during regularly scheduled or emergency
maintenance. This could result in your inability to access your AZ Cash Solutions Account. and/
Confirm. 1
151458006.1
or inability to conduct transactions through your AZ Cash Solutions Account on the CHIT
Marketplace for periods of time, and may also lead to delays in response from our Technology
Support Department. Although we strive to provide you with excellent service, we do not
represent that the CHIT Marketplace will be available at all times and without interruption, and
AZ Cash Solutions does not guarantee that all CHIT transactions will be completed immediately.
AZ Cash Solutions will not be liable for any losses resulting from, or arising out of, transaction
delays.
You further agree and accept the risk of operational challenges. AZ Cash Solutions may
experience sophisticated cyber-attacks, or other operational or technical difficulties that may
cause interruptions to the CHIT Marketplace. You agree to accept the risk of transaction failure
resulting from unanticipated or heightened technical difficulties, including those resulting from
sophisticated attacks, during time of significant transaction volume, or during regularly schedule
or emergency maintenance. You agree not to hold AZ Cash Solutions accountable or otherwise
liable for any related losses.
Login Credentials and Security.
You agree that your AZ Cash Solutions Account login credentials and any other required forms
of authentication, where applicable, will be chosen by you. You are responsible for creating a
strong password and maintaining adequate security and control of any and all equipment and
codes that your CHIT Marketplace Users use to access your AZ Cash Solutions Account
including, but not limited to, smartphones of CHIT Marketplace Users, usernames, passwords,
hints, personal identification numbers (PINs) and recovery codes. You also agree to keep all
login credentials and any other required forms of authentication confidential. Any loss or
compromise of the foregoing and/or your personal information may result in unauthorized access
to your AZ Cash Solutions Account(s) by third-parties, the loss or theft of CHITS, or the inability
to access your CHITS stored in your Vault. You and your CHIT Marketplace Users are
responsible for keeping your email addresses and telephone numbers current in your AZ Cash
Solutions Account so we can send you notices and alerts. CHIT Marketplace Users should never
allow remote access or share computer screens with someone else when logged on to the CHIT
Marketplace with an AZ Cash Solutions Account. You agree and understand that you are
solely responsible (and you will not hold us responsible) for managing and maintaining the
security of your AZ Cash Solutions Account, your and your authorized user’s login
credentials and any other required forms of authentication. You further agree and
understand that we are not responsible (and you will not hold us responsible) for any
unauthorized access to or use of your AZ Cash Solutions Account or the inability to access
your CHITS from your Vault due to loss of user credentials. In the event you believe your AZ
Cash Solutions Account information has been compromised, immediately contact AZ Cash
Solution’s Technology Support Department immediately at support@justazc.com, or by phone at
602-900-9AZC.
151458006.1
6. Information Required for Membership, Consent to Access, Processing and Storage
of Your Personal Data
We reserve the right to require you to provide us with any information and documentation we
deem necessary to comply with our BSA/AML Program requirements. The information we
request may include, but shall not be limited to, identifying information such as your complete
name, address, date of formation, corporate documents, taxpayer identification number, state
cannabis license, state cannabis license application (and related documentation), a list of
products you sell, customers list, vendors list, average sales and expense volumes (daily,
monthly, annually), percentage of transactions conducted in cash, access to, or reports derived
from, “seed-to-sale” software, projected CHIT transactions (purchases, transfers, and sales), and
any other documents or information we deem necessary and sufficient to verify your source of
funds. We may also request identifying personal information of beneficial owners, control
persons and designated representatives, such as complete name, address, date of birth, taxpayer
identification number, and government-issued photo bearing identification. In providing us with
this or any other information that we may request from you, you confirm that the information
you provide to us is accurate and authentic. You agree to keep us updated if any of the
information you provide changes. You agree to comply with any information request we send to
you. If you decline to provide the requested information, or otherwise do not comply in a timely
manner, we reserve the right, immediately upon notice to you, to suspend or terminate your AZ
Cash Solutions Membership and/or your access to some or all of the AZ Cash Solutions Benefits,
including without limitation access by any of your CHIT Marketplace Users.
To verify the information you provided to us and to ensure your information is kept current, you
acknowledge and agree that, as permitted by law and to the extent applicable, we may, in our
sole discretion, whether directly or through third parties, make inquiries that we consider
necessary to verify your identity, and that of any beneficial owners, control persons and
designated representatives, including contacting appropriate Arizona state or local authorities in
connection with your cannabis license and make inquiries and obtain reports from third parties
on a periodic basis to verify your identity and the information you provided in order for us to
comply with our requirements under Applicable Law and ensure there have by no changes to any
information previously submitted to us. Your access to the some or all of the AZ Cash Solutions
Benefits, including access by any of your CHIT Marketplace Users, may be altered as a result of
information collected about you on an ongoing basis.
151458006.1
When we carry out inquiries, you acknowledge and understand that your personal data, and that
of any beneficial owners, control persons and designated representatives, may be disclosed to
identity verification, compliance data recordation, credit reference, fraud prevention, financial
crime agencies or governmental authorities and that these agencies may respond to our inquiries
in full.
You consent to us accessing, processing and retaining any personal information you provide to us
for the purpose of us providing AZ Cash Solutions Membership to you. This consent is not
related to, and does not affect, any rights or obligations we or you have in accordance with data
protection laws, privacy laws and regulations. You can withdraw your consent at any time by
cancelling your AZ Cash Solutions Membership. However, we may retain and continue to
process your personal information for other purposes. Our current Privacy Policy (as provided to
you in connection with these CHIT Marketplace Terms and found at the following link is
incorporated into these CHIT Marketplace Terms; by accepting these CHIT Marketplace Terms,
you are also accepting the processing of your personal information as outlined in such Privacy
Policy. We reserve the right at all times to monitor, review, and/or disclose any information as
necessary to satisfy any Applicable Laws and Regulations (as defined below), legal processes or
governmental requests.
Neither you nor any related party shall engage in conduct that is in violation of any Applicable
Laws and Regulations (as defined below).
7. Applicable Laws and Regulations
Your AZ Cash Solutions Membership, your use of the CHIT Marketplace and your relationship
with AZ Cash Solutions is subject to various laws, rules and regulations including, but not
limited to: (i) the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended (“BSA”) (31 U.S.C. §§ 5311 et seq.);
(ii) applicable BSA regulations promulgated by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Financial
Crimes Enforcement Network (“FinCEN”) (31 C.F.R. Chapter X); (iii) Responsible Adult Use
of Marijuana (A.R.S. §§ 36-2850 et seq.); (iv) the Arizona Medical Marijuana Act (AZ Rev. Stat.
§§ 36-2801 et seq.), regulations issued by the Arizona Department of Health Services, A.C.C.
R9-17-101 et seq. and A.C.C. R9-18-101 et seq.; (v) Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. §§
801 et seq.); (vi) regulations issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign
Assets Control (“OFAC”) (31 C.F.R. Chapter V) and (vii) any other laws and regulations
applicable to AZ Cash Solutions, the CHIT Marketplace, and you or your business (collectively,
the “Applicable Laws and Regulations”).
151458006.1
8. Compliance with Laws
You are responsible for complying with all Applicable Laws and Regulations. You agree that AZ
Cash Solutions is not responsible for determining whether or which laws may apply to your
transactions, including tax laws. It is your sole responsibility to determine whether, and to what
extent, any taxes apply to any transactions you conduct through utilizing the CHIT Marketplace,
and to withhold, collect, report and remit the correct amounts of taxes to the appropriate tax
authorities.
Judicial, legislative and regulatory changes or actions at the U.S. federal or state level may
adversely affect or impact your ability to purchaser, sell or transfer your CHITS. You
acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for any changes in Applicable Laws and
Regulations and any loss you may experience as a result of changes to Applicable Laws and
Regulations or judicial decisions.
9. Prohibited Activities
In connection with your use of the CHIT Marketplace, you hereby agree that you any CHIT
Marketplace User (i) is subject to and will be bound by our Privacy Policy and these CHIT
Marketplace Terms; and (ii) will not engage in any of the Prohibited Activities as defined in our
Privacy Policy. Prohibited Activities for purposes of these CHIT Marketplace Terms means any
of the Prohibited Activities as defined in our Privacy Policy, any violation of your AZ Cash
Solutions Membership Agreement, any violation of any Applicable Laws and Regulations, any
violation of our BSA/AML Program, and any violation of these CHIT Marketplace Terms.
If we believe that any of your CHIT Marketplace Users have engaged in any Prohibited Activity,
we will consider you to be in violation of these CHIT Marketplace Terms and we may take a
number of actions to protect AZ Cash Solutions, AZ Cash Solutions Members and others at any
time and in our sole discretion. The actions we may take include, but are not limited to,
suspending (temporarily or permanently) your AZ Cash Solutions Membership or your access to
any and all AZ Cash Solutions Benefits, and/or cancelling your AZ Cash Solutions Membership
immediately and without penalty to AZ Cash Solutions.
10. Account Closure by You
You may cancel your AZ Cash Solutions Membership or access to the CHIT Marketplace at any
time, including access by any CHIT Marketplace User if you are the CHIT Marketplace Member
or CHIT Marketplace Vendor. You agree and understand that cancelling your AZ Cash Solutions
Membership will not affect any rights and obligations with us or any third party incurred prior to
the date of your cancellation. You may be required to either cancel or complete all open orders
for the transfer, sale or purchase of CHITS and, in accordance with the provisions of these CHIT
Marketplace Terms, liquidate any CHITS remaining in your Vault. You are responsible for any
fees, costs, expenses, charges, or obligations (including, but not limited to, fees applicable to
selling any CHITS that remain in your Vault) associated with the cancellation of your AZ Cash
151458006.1
Solutions Membership. You may not cancel your AZ Cash Solutions Membership to avoid
paying any fees otherwise due. You will not be charged for canceling your AZ Cash Solutions
Membership, although you will be required to pay any outstanding fees and amounts owed to AZ
Cash Solutions and may be charged a fee to cancel the account of a CHIT Marketplace User. A
CHIT Marketplace Member or CHIT Marketplace Vendor canceling the account of a CHIT
Marketplace User will not otherwise affect your AZ Cash Solution Membership other than the
inability to access the cancelled the CHIT Marketplace via such cancelled CHIT Marketplace
User account.
11. Account Suspension, Termination or Closure by AZ Cash Solutions
You acknowledge and agree that AZ Cash Solutions offers its services to you so you can conduct
your business safely. However, we reserve the right to suspend, restrict or terminate your AZ
Cash Solutions Membership and your access to the CHIT Marketplace, deactivate and/or cancel
your AZ Cash Solutions Account and/or restrict your access to your AZ Cash Solutions Account,
at any time and without prior notice, for any reason we deem appropriate in our sole and absolute
discretion.
You agree and understand that if we terminate, suspend or cancel your AZ Cash Solutions
Membership and/or your access to the CHIT Marketplace, your rights and obligations under
these CHIT Marketplace Terms will continue. You further agree and understand that we have the
right to take any and all necessary and appropriate actions pursuant to these CHIT Marketplace
Terms and to comply with all Applicable Laws and Regulations.
12. Account Investigations
You agree and understand that we have the right to investigate your AZ Cash Solutions Account,
at any time and for any reason we deem appropriate including if we suspect, in our sole
discretion, that you may be engaged in Prohibited Activities as described in Section 9 of these
CHIT Marketplace Terms (each, a “Conduct Violation”). You further agree and understand that
we have the right to immediately investigate your AZ Cash Solutions Account if: (a) we are
required to do so by a regulatory authority, court order, facially valid subpoena, or binding order
of a government authority, (b) your AZ Cash Solutions Account is subject to any pending
litigation, investigation, or governmental proceeding, or (c) your AZ Cash Solutions Account has
not been accessed in two years or more. We do not have an obligation to contest or appeal any
court order or legal process involving you or your AZ Cash Solutions Account.
If we suspect that you have committed a Conduct Violation we may, in the exercise of our sole
discretion, give you Written Notice (as defined in Section 34 of these CHIT Marketplace Terms)
and share the general nature of the allegations as well as the specific provisions of these CHIT
Marketplace Terms that appear to have been violated, unless prohibited by Applicable Laws and
Regulations. You will have the right to submit, within seven calendar days from the date of the
Written Notice, a written statement to our Compliance Department as provided in Section 34 of
these CHIT Marketplace Terms explaining why no disciplinary action should be taken with
151458006.1
respect to your AZ Cash Solutions Account. We will review all information available to us and,
following our investigation, we will determine, in our sole and absolute discretion, the
appropriate action to take with respect to your AZ Cash Solutions Account.
13. Account Remedies for Breach
You agree and understand that if you or your AZ Cash Solutions Accounts are determined, in our
sole discretion, to possibly have participated in a Conduct Violation, we will have the right to
charge you: (i) the value of any fees owed in connection with these CHIT Marketplace Terms
and (ii) any other damages suffered by us as a result of the Conduct Violation. You further agree
and understand that if we determine, in our sole discretion, that you may have colluded,
coordinated, and/or collaborated with any other AZ Cash Solutions Member to commit a
Conduct Violation, you and that AZ Cash Solutions Member will be jointly and severally liable
for the whole value of any fee and damages to which we are entitled under these CHIT
Marketplace Terms. If you disagree with any determination made or remedy exercised under this
subsection, you may bring an action as provided in these CHIT Marketplace Terms.
14. Pending Transactions
Upon cancellation of your AZ Cash Solutions Membership, you forfeit all rights and claims
against AZ Cash Solutions in relation to any CHITS otherwise eligible for sale. AZ Cash
Solutions may, in its sole discretion, give you limited temporary access to your CHIT
Marketplace account to facilitate the sale of your CHITS to the market maker. Such sale is
subject to any fees set forth in these CHIT Marketplace Terms and Section 12, and immediately
after such sale you shall, wire any remaining funds in your CHIT Marketplace account to your
previously AZ Cash Solutions approved Arizona-based bank account.
15. Liability
In the event that you or AZ Cash Solutions terminates your access to any AZ Cash Solutions
Benefits, or your AZ Cash Solutions Membership, you remain liable for all activity conducted on
or with your AZ Cash Solutions Account while it was active and for all amounts due hereunder.
16. Data Protection, Privacy and Security
In connection with your use of the CHIT Marketplace, you hereby agree that you and each CHIT
Marketplace User of your AZ Cash Solutions Account is subject to and bound by our Privacy
Policy and these CHIT Marketplace Terms. AZ Cash Solutions will not share any contact or
personal information about an AZ Cash Solutions Member with other members, non-members,
or any third parties, except as required by law or necessary for the provision of the CHIT
Marketplace.
17. Computer Viruses
151458006.1
We shall not bear any liability, whatsoever, for any damage or interruptions caused by any
computer viruses or other malicious code that may affect your computer or other equipment, or
any phishing, spoofing or other attack. We advise the regular use of a reputable and readily
available virus screening and prevention software. You should also be aware that SMS and email
services are vulnerable to spoofing and phishing attacks and should use care in reviewing
messages purporting to originate from AZ Cash Solutions.
18. Other Restrictions.
Your authorization to access and use the CHIT Marketplace, and related content, materials,
information (collectively, the “Content”) is limited, revocable, nonexclusive, nontransferable
and nonsublicenseable, and solely for purposes specified in these CHIT Marketplace Terms and/
or as otherwise approved by AZ Cash Solutions from time to time. Any other use of the Content
is expressly prohibited and all other right, title, and interest in the AZ Cash Solutions
Membership or Content is exclusively the property of AZ Cash Solutions and its licensors. You
agree you will not directly or indirectly copy, transmit, distribute, sell, license, reverse engineer,
modify, publish, or participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from, or in any
other way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part, or assist others in doing so, without the
prior written consent of AZ Cash Solutions. “AZC”, and all logos related to the AZ Cash
Solutions Membership or displayed in or on any AZ Cash Solutions Benefits are either
trademarks or registered marks of AZ Cash Solutions or its licensors. You may not copy, imitate
or use them without AZ Cash Solutions prior written consent. You agree, represent, and warrant
that you will not spoof, hack, manipulate, or falsify location data from any computer or device
accessing or associated with the CHIT Marketplace, AZC App, or any third party applications or
software, including without limitation software related to authentication.
19. Recording and Recordkeeping
You agree and understand that for our mutual protection we may electronically record any
telephone conversation we have with you. You also agree and understand that we maintain and
retain records of all information, activities, and communications relating to your AZ Cash
Solutions Membership, and use of the CHIT Marketplace.
20. Relationship of the Parties
AZ Cash Solutions is an independent contractor for all purposes. Nothing in these CHIT
Marketplace Terms shall be deemed or is intended to be deemed, nor shall it cause, you and AZ
Cash Solutions to be treated as partners, joint ventures, or otherwise as joint associates for profit,
or either you or AZ Cash Solutions to be treated as the agent of the other.
21. Release of AZ Cash Solutions; Indemnification
If you have a dispute with one or more AZ Cash Solutions Members, Preferred Vendors, or CHIT
Marketplace Vendors, you release AZ Cash Solutions, its technology providers and licensors,
151458006.1
affiliates, and service providers, and each of their respective officers, directors, agents, joint
venturers, employees and representatives for, from and against any and all claims, demands and
damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature arising out of or in any way
connected with such disputes.
You agree to indemnify and hold AZ Cash Solutions, its affiliates and service providers, and each
of their or their respective officers, directors, agents, joint venturers, employees and
representatives, harmless from any claim or demand (including attorneys’ fees and any fines,
fees or penalties imposed by any regulatory authority or court) arising out of or related to your
breach of these CHIT Marketplace Terms or your violation of any law, rule or regulation, or the
rights of any third party.
22. Limitation of Liability; No Warranty
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW, AZ CASH SOLUTIONS, ITS AFFILIATES AND SERVICE
PROVIDERS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, JOINT
VENTURERS, EMPLOYEES AND REPRESENTATIVES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT OR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY
DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, USE, DATA, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE
LOSSES (EVEN IF AZ CASH SOLUTIONS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES), WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, RESULTING FROM: (I) THE USE OR THE
INABILITY TO USE THE CHIT MARKETPLACE; (II) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY DATA, INFORMATION, OR
SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO
THROUGH THE CHIT MARKETPLACE; (III) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR
ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; OR (IV) ANY OTHER MATTER
RELATING TO YOUR AZ CASH SOLUTIONS MEMBERSHIP.
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF YOUR AZ CASH SOLUTIONS
MEMBERSHIP OR WITH THESE CHIT MARKETPLACE TERMS, YOUR SOLE AND
EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE YOUR AZ CASH SOLUTIONS
MEMBERSHIP AND YOUR ACCESS TO THE CHIT MARKETPLACE.
AZ CASH SOLUTIONS MEMBERSHIP IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS
AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, WHETHER
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY. AZ CASH SOLUTIONS, OUR AFFILIATES, AND
OUR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, JOINT VENTURERS,
EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES AND SUPPLIERS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. AZ CASH SOLUTIONS MAKES NO
WARRANTY THAT (I) THE AZ CASH SOLUTIONS MEMBERSHIP WILL MEET YOUR
151458006.1
REQUIREMENTS, (II) THE AZ CASH SOLUTIONS MEMBERSHIP AND ACCESS TO THE
CHIT MARKETPLACE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-
FREE, OR (III) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR
OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE CHIT
MARKETPLACE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS.
23. Force Majeure
AZ Cash Solutions shall have no liability for any delays, failure in performance or interruption of
the CHIT Marketplace which result directly or indirectly from any cause or condition beyond our
reasonable control, including but not limited to, any delay or failure due to any act of God, act of
civil or military authorities, act of terrorists, civil disturbance, war, strike or other labor dispute,
fire, interruption in telecommunications or Internet services or network provider services, failure
of equipment and/or software, other catastrophe or any other occurrence which is beyond our
reasonable control and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining
provisions.
24. Dispute Resolution; Arbitration
If a dispute arises between you and us, our goal is to learn about and address your concerns. If
we are unable to address your concerns to your satisfaction, we will seek to provide you with a
neutral and cost-effective means of resolving the dispute quickly. Disputes between you and AZ
Cash Solutions regarding AZ Cash Solutions Membership or the CHIT Marketplace may be
reported to: compliance@justazc.com. We will endeavor in good faith to resolve any claim you
raise as expeditiously as possible. If not resolved within 60 days from the date a claim is raised
to us by you, any claim, will be settled by binding arbitration as provided below.
PLEASE READ THIS ARBITRATION SECTION CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL
RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT.
All disputes, controversies or differences of any kind arising out of or in connection with or
related in any way to these CHIT Marketplace Terms and/or the AZ Cash Solutions Membership
shall be finally settled by final and binding arbitration under the then-effective Commercial
Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (the “Rules”) by three arbitrators. AZ
Cash Solutions shall nominate one arbitrator, you shall nominate one arbitrator, and the two
arbitrators so selected shall jointly nominate the third arbitrator. If the first two arbitrators cannot
agree on a third arbitrator within thirty (30) days, the third arbitrator shall be appointed by the
American Arbitration Association in accordance with the Rules. The place of arbitration shall be
Phoenix, Arizona. The laws of the State of Arizona, without giving effect to any choice or
conflict of law principle, provision or rule, shall govern the arbitration and all disputes
determined therein. The arbitrators shall have the power to appoint subject matter experts. The
arbitrators may order the pre-hearing production or exchange of documentary evidence and may
require written submissions from you and AZ Cash Solutions. The arbitrators shall have the
authority to award any remedy or relief that a court in the State of Arizona could order or grant,
151458006.1
including specific performance or any obligation created under these CHIT Marketplace Terms,
the issuance of injunctive or other provisions of relief, or the imposition of sanctions for abuse or
frustration of the arbitration process. In addition, the arbitrators shall not issue any award, grant
any relief or take any action that is prohibited by or inconsistent with the provisions of these
CHIT Marketplace Terms. The award rendered by the arbitrators shall be final and binding and
judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
Notwithstanding the terms of these CHIT Marketplace Terms, either AZ Cash Solutions or you
may at any time seek injunctive or other provisional relief from a court with appropriate
jurisdiction to enjoin any prospective ongoing breach of these CHIT Marketplace Terms or
provide such other equitable relief pending the final resolution of any such dispute pursuant to
the binding arbitration set forth above.
No arbitrator may award damages or other relief in excess of the damages or other relief
requested in a claim (or in any amendment to such claim). The arbitrators may instruct the non-
prevailing party to pay all costs of the arbitration, including the fees and expenses of the
arbitrators and the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel of the prevailing party. If the
arbitrators determine that there is not a prevailing party, each party shall be instructed to bear
such party’s own costs and to pay one-half of the fees and expenses of the arbitrators.
You and AZ Cash Solutions hereby agree that any legal proceeding instituted to enforce the
provisions of these CHIT Marketplace Terms, including an arbitration award hereunder, may be
brought in the U.S. federal or state courts situated in Phoenix, Arizona, and you hereby submit to
personal jurisdiction therein and irrevocably waive any objection as to venue therein, and further
agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such proceeding has been brought in an
inconvenient forum.
25. Class Action Waiver
You and AZ Cash Solutions agree that any and all arbitration shall be conducted in your
individual capacities only and not as a class action or other representative action, and you and
AZ Cash Solutions expressly waive your right to file a class action or seek relief on a class basis
or any other representative basis. YOU AND AZ CASH SOLUTIONS AGREE THAT EACH
MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL
CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED
CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
If any court or arbitrator determines that the class action waiver above is void or unenforceable
for any reason or that an arbitration can proceed on a class basis, then the arbitration provisions
set forth above shall be deemed null and void in their entirety and the parties shall be deemed
to have not agreed to arbitrate disputes.
26. Exception - Litigation of Intellectual Property
151458006.1
Notwithstanding your and AZ Cash Solution’s decision to resolve all disputes through mandatory
arbitration, either party may bring enforcement actions, validity determinations or claims arising
from or relating to theft, piracy or unauthorized use of intellectual property in state or federal
court or in the United States Patent and Trademark Office to protect its intellectual property
rights (“intellectual property rights” means patents, copyrights, moral rights, trademarks, and
trade secrets, but not privacy or publicity rights).
27. Entire Agreement
These CHIT Marketplace Terms, and any policies, annexes and exhibits incorporated by
reference herein, including, without limitation, the Privacy Policy, your AZ Cash Solutions
Membership Agreement, and any Terms and Conditions applicable to your use of an AZ Cash
Solutions Benefit, comprise the entire understanding and agreement between you and AZ Cash
Solutions as to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any and all prior discussions,
agreements and understandings of any kind (including without limitation any prior versions of
these CHIT Marketplace Terms), and every nature between and among you and AZ Cash
Solutions. Section headings in these CHIT Marketplace Terms are for convenience only and shall
not govern the meaning or interpretation of any provision of these CHIT Marketplace Terms. To
the extent any conflicts arise between these CHIT Marketplace Terms and your AZ Cash
Solutions Membership Agreement, the CHIT Marketplace Terms shall govern.
28. Assignment
You may not assign, sublicense, encumber or otherwise transfer any rights and/or licenses
granted under these CHIT Marketplace Terms. We reserve the right to assign our rights without
restriction, including without limitation to any AZ Cash Solutions affiliates or subsidiaries, or to
any successor in interest. Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation of these CHIT
Marketplace Terms shall be null and void. Subject to the foregoing, these CHIT Marketplace
Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
29. Severability
If any provision of these CHIT Marketplace Terms shall be determined to be invalid or
unenforceable, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of
the provision to the greatest extent possible under any applicable law and the validity or
enforceability of any other provision of these CHIT Marketplace Terms shall not be affected.
30. Change of Control
In the event that AZ Cash Solutions is acquired by or merged with a third-party entity, we reserve
the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information we have collected
from you as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the event of your
business is acquired by or merged with a third-party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these
circumstances, to cancel and/or suspend your AZ Cash Solutions Membership until we can
151458006.1
complete our review of the third party entity and ensure compliance with all Applicable Laws
and Regulations.
31. Injunctive Relief
You agree and understand that your obligations and the obligations of each AZ Cash Solutions
Member set forth in these CHIT Marketplace Terms are necessary and reasonable in order to
protect us and our business. You expressly agree that due to the unique nature of our business,
monetary damages would be inadequate to compensate us for any breach by you of your
covenants and agreements set forth in these CHIT Marketplace Terms. Accordingly, you agree
and understand that any such violation or threatened violation shall cause irreparable injury to
the us and that, in addition to any other remedies that may be available, in law, in equity or
otherwise, we shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against any threatened breach of these
CHIT Marketplace Terms or your continuation of any such breach, without the necessity of
proving actual damages.
32. Survival
All provisions of these CHIT Marketplace Terms which by their nature extend beyond the
expiration or termination of these CHIT Marketplace Terms, including, without limitation,
sections pertaining to suspension or termination, AZ Cash Solutions Membership cancellation,
debts owed to AZ Cash Solutions, general use of the CHIT Marketplace, disputes with AZ Cash
Solutions, arbitration, and general provisions, shall survive the termination or expiration of these
CHIT Marketplace Terms.
33. Governing Law
You agree that the laws of the State of Arizona, without regard to principles of conflict of laws,
will govern these CHIT Marketplace Terms and any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise
between you and AZ Cash Solutions, except to the extent governed by applicable federal law.
34. Electronic Communications; Written Notice
To the fullest extent permitted by law, notices or other communications from AZ Cash Solutions
to you regarding AZ Cash Solutions Membership or the CHIT Marketplace
(“Communications”) may be provided to you electronically, and you consent and agree to
receive Communications in an electronic form. Electronic Communications may be posted on
the pages within the AZC App, CHIT Marketplace or delivered to the email address on record for
your AZ Cash Solutions Membership, you agree and understand that each of these methods
constitutes written notice (“Written Notice”) from us to you. If your contact details change, you
agree to let us know immediately. If you do not, we will not be responsible if you do not receive
information, notices or other important information from us. If you email contact@justazc.com,
this constitutes Written Notice from you to us. For all notices made by email, the date of receipt
151458006.1
is considered to be the date of transmission. Your consent to receive Communications
electronically is valid until you revoke your consent by contacting us at: contact@justazc.com. If
you revoke your consent to receive Communications electronically, we may terminate your right
to use the any AZ Cash Solutions Benefits or your AZ Cash Solutions Membership, and you
accept sole liability for any consequence resulting from the suspension or termination of any AZ
Cash Solutions Benefits or AZ Cash Solutions Membership to the extent permitted by law.
35. Hardware Requirements
Accessing the CHIT Marketplace requires certain hardware and software. AZ Cash Solutions
will initially provide all hardware and software required to access the CHIT Marketplace. If any
hardware or software must be repaired or replaced, AZ Cash Solutions may charge you to repair
or replace such hardware or software, and you shall pay such cost prior to AZ Cash Solutions
repairing or replacing such hardware or software. All hardware and software provided to you
must be returned to AZ Cash Solutions immediately upon request by AZ Cash Solutions.